I chose to combine the Atlantic HURDAT2 database and the Pacific HURDAT2 database because I think by
combining these databases, additional value can be added to the data.
    1) Both the Atlantic and Pacific data sets contain the exact same information about tropical cyclones,
    the only difference being the region the tropical cyclones occurred in. So it follows that it would be
    logical to combine them. Also by combining the data sets, it makes it easier to perform analysis on all
    tropical cyclones documented by the NHC.
    2) Combining the datasets also makes it easier to discern any differences or relationships between cyclones
    in the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean based on differnt measured parameters of the cyclones. For
    example, is there a difference in overall strength of hurricanes between the two regions? And following that,
    is there a difference in maximum sustained wind speed and/or minimum central pressure between the two
    regions?

Process
    1.  Read in the data sets
    2.  Since I am only concerned about hurricanes, filter the data sets using the Status column where Status = HU
    3.  The timeframe of records in the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean differ, with the Atlantic data set going
        farther back in time. For comparison purposes, I wanted to consider the same timeframes, so I filtered
        the Atlantic data set by the Date column where Date >= 19490611, which is the the date the Pacific data
        set starts
    4.  For ease, I added a column to each of the data sets that combined the Date column and the Time
        column into one datetime string
    5.  For this analysis, I was concerned with maximum sustained winds and minimum recorded central pressure.
        Also, most hurricanes have more than one entry as they occur over several days. I only wanted to consider
        each hurricane once, based on either the maximum sustained wind speed or the minimum recorded central
        pressure over the life of the hurricane. I filtered each of the data sets twice; the first to filter
        the data sets by the Maximum Wind column, and the second to filter the data sets by the Minimum Pressure
        column. This was done separately because, although not common, theoretically the maximum wind does not
        have to occur at the minimum central pressure.
    6.  Maximum sustained winds have been recorded in hurricanes for the entirety of the data sets; however, many
        older records of hurricanes do not have minimum central pressure records. I filtered out the records
        with missing minimum central pressure from the data set I filtered using minimum pressure.
    7.  Calculate the maximum, median, mean, and standard deviation of the maximum recorded wind speeds of each data
        set. The minimum was not calculated for maximum wind speed as a cyclone must have a minimum sustained wind
        speed of 64 kts in order to be considered a hurricane, so the minimium wind speed is already known.
    8.  Calculate the maximum, minimum, median, mean, and standard deviation of the minimim recorded central pressure
        of each data set.
    9.  Combine the two datasets into one. Since the ID column already differentiates the region of the hurricane -
        IDs of hurricanes in the Pacific Ocean begin with EP and hurricnes in the Atlantic Ocean begin with AL - a new
        column to differntiate the region did not need to be added.
    10. Since the separate datasets have already been scrubbed, combine the scrubbed data sets into one (one for
        maximum wind and one for minimum pressure). This saves on computation time by not having to rescrub the
        combined dataset.
    11. Calculate the maximum, median, mean, and standard deviation of the maximum recorded wind speeds on the combined
        data set.
    12. Calculate the maximum, minimum, median, mean, and standard deviation of the minimim recorded central pressure
        of the combined data set.
    13. Plot the maximum wind speed of hurricanes in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans
    14. Print the statistics on the maximum recorded wind speed of hurricanes in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans
    15. Plot the minimum central pressure of hurricanes in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans
    16. Print the statistics on the minimum recorded central pressure of hurricanes in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans
    17. Plot the relationship between maximum wind speed and minimum pressure at the minimum pressure of hurricanes in
        the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans
    18. Plot the maximum wind speed using the combined data set
    19. Print out the statistics on the maximum recorded wind speeds of the combined data set
    20. Plot the minimum central pressure using the combined data set
    21. Print out the statistics on the minimum recorded central pressure of the combined data set
    22. Plot the relationship between maximum wind speed and minimim pressure at the minimum pressure using the
        combined data set
    23. Save all newly created data sets to the Data folder

Results
    1.  When comparing the maximum sustained wind speed of hurricanes in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, it was found
        that there is not a differnece between the wind speeds of hurricanes in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. The
        maximum wind speed of a hurricane was recorded in the Pacific Ocean, but the mean, median, and standard deviation
        are all statistically similar.
    2.  When comparing the minimum central pressure of hurricanes in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, it was found that there
        is a slight differnece between the minimim pressure of hurricanes in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. The minimum central
        pressure of hurricanes in the Pacific Ocean is less than the minimim central pressure of hurricanes in the Atlantic Ocean,
        on average by about 4-5 mb. A conclusion of this finding could be that hurricanes in the Pacific Ocean could be, on average,
        stronger than hurricanes in the Atlantic Ocean, given that, in general, the lower the minimum central pressure, the
        stronger the hurricane.
    3.  When comparing the relationship between maximum wind speed and minimum pressure at the minimum pressure of hurricanes
        in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, it was found that hurricanes in both oceans followed the pattern: The lower the
        central pressure, the higher the maximum wind speed. Interesting to note, it does appear that there may be more of a
        spread of central pressures at a given wind speed in the Atlantic Ocean when compared with the Pacific Oceean. This
        analysis did not study the effects of the data sets and how differnet sizes of data sets could affect this spread, given
        that the Atlantic Ocean had more records of hurricanes in the same timeframe than the Pacific Ocean. Further analysis
        of this effect needs to be completed before conclusions can be drawn.
    4.  When analyzing the maximum sustained wind speed of all hurricanes, it was found that there were no obvious ways to discern
        whether a hurricane occurred in the Atlantic Ocean or the Pacific Ocean. This is supported by the statistics that were
        calculated on the maximum wind speed of hurricanes in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.
    5.  When analyzing the minimum central pressure of all hurricanes, it was found that there were no obvious ways to discern
        whether a hurricane occurred in the Atlantic Ocean or the Pacific Ocean. This should be analyzed further, given that
        hurricanes in the Pacific may, in general, have a lower minimum central pressure than hurricanes in the Atlantic Ocean.
    6.  When analyzing the relationship between maximum wind speed and minimum pressure at the minimum pressure of all hurricanes,
        it was found that there were no obvious ways to discern whether a hurricane occurred in the Atlantic Ocean or the Pacific
        Ocean. This is supported by the fact that hurricanes in both regions were found to follow the same pattern of "lower
        minimum pressure -> strong winds".